This folder is generally for all datasets that don't contain actual values for analysis. For example it is used to keep concordances/mappings or set's of configurations of datacategories and such.

## Some files that are kept here:
osemosys_concordances = pd.read_csv('config/concordances_and_config_data/OSEMOSYS_concordances.csv')#this file is based on the output from the 8th eidtion of the transport model (the previous one). So we could add more categories to this file if we want to.
It allows the user to convert the datatypes used in this model to the datatypes (TECHNOLOGY AND FUEL) used for the osemosys system. It probably won't be useful but keeping it just in case for now

manually_defined_transport_categories
-update this with the transport categories you want to use in the transport model and they should flow through so that the inputs and outputs of the model need to be like that.
-note taht it doesnt contain scenario or economy categories. tehse are held in the below:

economy_list 
-contains all economys used in the model

scenarios_list
- contains all scenarios used in the model. there is an option to choose whether or not you are using the scenario in the current run of the model but you will need to make sure to set it to true or false

emission_factors_for_8th_edition_transport
-currently it seems best to keep the emissions factors here. they are generated using the emissions repo in the aperc github

drive_type_to_fuel
-contains the mapping of drive type to fuel type. this is used to convert the drive type to the fuel type in the model. this is intended to be updated as new fuel types are added. it is currently based on the 8th edition of the transport model

## computer_generated_concordances
-contains the concordances that are generated by code in this repo. They can easily become too numerous to keep in the config folder so they are kept here. 
-generally the concrdances are created in scripts in utilities and then saved here.

